README.md, before:

# Project Members
* Athmane Benarous
* Mohamed Elsamadouny
* Sasha Denouvilliez-Pech
* Saviru Perera
* Shidan Javaheri
* Shyam Desai



# Project Scope




# Project Contribution
| Name      | Team Role     | Time Spent on Deliverable 1 | Time Spent on Deliverable 2 | Time Spent on Deliverable 3 |
|:---------:|:-------------:|:---------------------------:|:---------------------------:|:---------------------------:|
| Athmane   |               |                    10 hours |                             |                             |
| Mohamed   |               |                             |                             |                             |
| Sasha     |               |                             |                             |                             |
| Saviru    |               |                             |                             |                             |
| Shidan    |               |                    16 hours |                             |                             |
| Shyam     |               |                    15 hours |                             |                             |

Commit message:

Added project scope and updated overview table

README.md, after:

# Museum Management Software System

## Project Scope
This system is designed for a museum of a small town to support their community and provide better services. It allows visitors to login, browse artefacts, donate artefacts, request to loan artefacts, check loan status, book tickets, and book tours. It allows employees to create and move artefacts. It allows manager to manage employees and their shifts.

## Deliverable 1 Contribution
| Name             | Responsibilities                                                  | Hours (incl. meetings) |
|:----------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------- |:----------------------:|
| Athmane Benarous | - Analyzed and wrote elicited requirements for employees <br> - Designed the domain model <br> - xx | xx hours |
| Mohamed Elsamadouny | - Analyzed and wrote elicited requirements for the manager <br> - Designed the domain model <br> - xx | xx hours |
| Sasha Denouvilliez-Pech | - Analyzed and wrote elicited requirements for rooms and artefacts <br> - Designed the domain model <br> - xx | xx hours |
| Saviru Perera | - Analyzed and wrote elicited requirements for visitors <br> - Designed the domain model <br> - xx | xx hours |
| Shidan Javaheri | - Analyzed and wrote elicited requirements for loaning and donating artefacts <br> - Designed the domain model <br> - xx | xx hours |
| Shyam Desai | - Analyzed and wrote elicited requirements for the system <br> - Designed the domain model <br> - Reviewed and finalized requirements  <br> - Wrote detailed specifications and created a use-case diagram for the booking tour feature <br> - Reviewed other teammates' use-case diagram <br> - Updated the GitHub Wiki page | 17 hours |
